Pipeline: Job Market (bd85e650-a0fe-46c0-a354-7772363efgood)
Focus: Interesting insights or experiences in job search such as what worked and what didn't work
Subreddits: ['recruitinghell', 'rezi', 'careerguidance', 'jobs', 'jobsearchhacks', 'careeradvice', 'resumes']
Schedule: daily

Retrieving Reddit posts...
Retrieved 94 posts

Running post_selector...
Result: ```json
{"output": [{"title": "Job Search Challenges and Rejection Experiences", "related_post_ids": ["t3_1jb8ct2", "t3_1jbcf7m", "t3_1jbe0ln", "t3_1jbk11e", "t3_1jb1epk", "t3_1jbhgsc", "t3_1jb845e", "t3_1jbh6t3", "t3_1jb3btf", "t3_1jb7b6l", "t3_1jayknf", "t3_1jbgtxz", "t3_1jb7wlw", "t3_1jbjso7", "t3_1jb0vcd", "t3_1jayxd3", "t3_1jbk5p8", "t3_1jaxy55", "t3_1jaybfe", "t3_1jb8csi", "t3_1jbdzjl", "t3_1jbltet", "t3_1jble6q", "t3_1jbi3ld", "t3_1jbd5a5", "t3_1jb6b06", "t3_1jbhx5w", "t3_1jblnzf", "t3_1jb5cwk", "t3_1jbo8er", "t3_1jbmnoj", "t3_1jbkho6", "t3_1jbgzvh", "t3_1jblvah", "t3_1jb1dv9", "t3_1jbj5qj", "t3_1jb9ct9", "t3_1jbfh0d", "t3_1jbajkc", "t3_1jbj9yq", "t3_1jb4cpi", "t3_1jbefuo", "t3_1jbcbay", "t3_1jb85nn", "t3_1jbl177", "t3_1jb96s0", "t3_1jb3puj", "t3_1jb2s21", "t3_1jbce7j", "t3_1jb8z30", "t3_1jb4gwn", "t3_1jbgb1m", "t3_1jb1oad", "t3_1jbd49f", "t3_1jb8dk3", "t3_1jbnh5q", "t3_1jb9w0w", "t3_1jb5wbh", "t3_1jbexsm", "t3_1jayark", "t3_1jbl5r1"]}, {"title": "Insights on Job Market Dynamics and Employer Practices", "related_post_ids": ["t3_1jbehi1", "t3_1jb3qvr", "t3_1jb7lu8", "t3_1jb982z", "t3_1jbfqtf", "t3_1jbap5g", "t3_1jbbp3x", "t3_1jbfimt", "t3_1jbc9k9", "t3_1jb7nxs", "t3_1jbhzwu", "t3_1jbgsls", "t3_1jbdyal", "t3_1jb9do2", "t3_1jbgwwr", "t3_1jbbn0h", "t3_1jb9bwn", "t3_1jbe7fa", "t3_1jbcs13", "t3_1jbksdu", "t3_1jaz0jt", "t3_1jbberd", "t3_1jb97wm", "t3_1jbfh0d", "t3_1jbfimt", "t3_1jbc9k9", "t3_1jb7nxs", "t3_1jbhzwu", "t3_1jbgsls", "t3_1jbdyal", "t3_1jb9do2", "t3_1jbgwwr", "t3_1jbbn0h", "t3_1jb9bwn", "t3_1jbe7fa", "t3_1jbcs13", "t3_1jbksdu", "t3_1jaz0jt", "t3_1jbberd", "t3_1jb97wm"]}]}
```

===== POST SELECTOR RESULTS =====
Selected group count: 2

GROUP 1: Job Search Challenges and Rejection Experiences
Post IDs: t3_1jb8ct2, t3_1jbcf7m, t3_1jbe0ln, t3_1jbk11e, t3_1jb1epk, t3_1jbhgsc, t3_1jb845e, t3_1jbh6t3, t3_1jb3btf, t3_1jb7b6l, t3_1jayknf, t3_1jbgtxz, t3_1jb7wlw, t3_1jbjso7, t3_1jb0vcd, t3_1jayxd3, t3_1jbk5p8, t3_1jaxy55, t3_1jaybfe, t3_1jb8csi, t3_1jbdzjl, t3_1jbltet, t3_1jble6q, t3_1jbi3ld, t3_1jbd5a5, t3_1jb6b06, t3_1jbhx5w, t3_1jblnzf, t3_1jb5cwk, t3_1jbo8er, t3_1jbmnoj, t3_1jbkho6, t3_1jbgzvh, t3_1jblvah, t3_1jb1dv9, t3_1jbj5qj, t3_1jb9ct9, t3_1jbfh0d, t3_1jbajkc, t3_1jbj9yq, t3_1jb4cpi, t3_1jbefuo, t3_1jbcbay, t3_1jb85nn, t3_1jbl177, t3_1jb96s0, t3_1jb3puj, t3_1jb2s21, t3_1jbce7j, t3_1jb8z30, t3_1jb4gwn, t3_1jbgb1m, t3_1jb1oad, t3_1jbd49f, t3_1jb8dk3, t3_1jbnh5q, t3_1jb9w0w, t3_1jb5wbh, t3_1jbexsm, t3_1jayark, t3_1jbl5r1
Posts:

  - Post ID: t3_1jb8ct2
    Content: This might be what pushes me over the edge


  - Post ID: t3_1jbcf7m
    Content: Nobody wants to train anyone anymore
Like legit I was rejected from a 10 week internship because I didn’t have enough experience. It takes 2 months or longer to train someone, I thought internships were about learning and gaining skills. Even in the job description it says that. Why do they need an expert for an internship? What can one possibly do for a company in two months, especially if they are working on their own project? The whole system needs to be gutted. I honestly think prioritizing giving jobs to people who haven’t been able to get a job in a while, or at least giving internships to people who actually need the experience should be implemented. It’s a long term investment to generate more experienced people. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbe0ln
    Content: Who knew getting a job at a grocery store would be THIS difficult
This is just sad. I think I have a higher change of winning the lottery than being able to bag groceries 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbk11e
    Content: Guys, it’s doable. I finally got an offer after 14 months of applying and interviewing my ass off.
I’ve interviewed and had disappointment after disappointment, been ghosted, and of course just not heard back from hundreds of applications. I finally got through a 3 round interview at a place I am so excited about. IT has been tough to change jobs in especially. 

Salary is 30% increase, double 401k match, executive PTO, and best of all, I’ll move from 75 minute commute down to 10 minutes. 

I don’t say this all as a “good for me”. I’ve been reading this sub for so long and have experienced the same things as all of you, and been hopelessly searching and gone through depression and bouts of just giving up on applying. Maybe just a reminder to everyone that it WILL happen for you. Don’t give up. I was certain there was something wrong with me and my confidence was in the shitter. I’m so relieved, and I truly wish you all the best of luck. DO NOT GIVE UP!

  - Post ID: t3_1jb1epk
    Content: Get rejected because too young
Recently I (21M) Applied to a Japanese company from linkedin and they immediately call me for the interview. The interview have some steps where it has mixed of take home test, tech interview, and HR interview with various rounds. I finish all round but when it comes to HR interview, they keep asking about my age and my current salary (I already work some part time jobs with over 3-4 YOE and finished college). I answered 21 and my current salary which is too high for my age they said and they have that irk face. I dont know and I feel something wrong with me. They are really excited at first but now they not contact me after since. When I follow up the chat they just reply that I was too young. I dont get the point, I think I did great in every interview including the technical one. I feel really sad because I feel having young age is a slight disadvantage in job seeking process. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbhgsc
    Content: Why work 6 days a week when you can work 7
Saw this post from a startup founder on LinkedIn. At least he's being upfront about what they're looking for right?

  - Post ID: t3_1jb845e
    Content: Boomers and older generations, purposely pretend nothing is happening with the Work Market? Or do they still think it's easy to get a job?
I have been unemployed for 2 years now. I've never had any work experience because I'm 2 years ago, just already graduated from High School. In 2023 when I graduated, I thought I would rather work than go to college. Because I'd rather gain skills, networking, and get paid for it. 

Well, now it's been two years. I'm still unemployed, have applied for over 300-400 or so jobs (Because I applied, before I started doing stats). And I'm still not getting accepted by anyone.

I've watched many videos, articles, guides, looked into subreddits in many on jobs. I have been changing my resume to make it very powerful for ATS systems and to get recruits interested. I pumped up my cover letter. I teach how to properly be in interviews, how not to be nervous, how to properly answer and ask questions and such. I have applied not only remotely, but also in my city and others (I live in Spain and I am a foreigner). 

But still after 2 years, I'm still unemployed. 

And now to my question. My parents don't seem to understand how the market works. Especially my father. Even if I show him to his face my statistics, how I apply, how many percent I was rejected, all the interview notes, all my changes from my old resume to the new one, how my strategies change with the job search and how I go personally to the temporary employment office and how they don't really want to take a young guy without work experience.

HE will still say that I don't send my resume anywhere, that it's my fault that no one accepts me, that I'm lazy and similar words. I don't take these statements to heart, because I personally don't care what he says anymore.

But since then, he starts to threaten me in a more blackmailing and hypocritical way. Becomes more angry, always silent when I want to help him, never helps me with important issues and so on. And now he threatens me that when the war in Ukraine is over and the borders are opened. He will immediately evict me and send me back, or he will call the police and say that I am illegal and I will be deported (Although I am with my whole family, including my father, we are in temporary protection).

I just don't understand. Zero help, zero advice, and just zero any help to at least help me not get discouraged and in others to give in. He is just a narcissist who just gets away with everything.

How realistically hard it is to be a foreigner who even with effort, can't find a job. How parents still pretend that nothing is going on with the market.

**TL;DR:**

I Graduated high school in 2023, instead of college I chose job hunting to learn myself how things work and gain skills and exposure to experienced people. But two years and 300-400+ job applications later, still unemployed. Optimized my resume, cover letter and interviewing skills, applied both locally and remotely (in Spain as a foreigner) but no luck. My parents, especially my father, don't believe I'm trying, call me lazy and now threaten to evict/deport me when the war in Ukraine is over. No help or support, only recriminations. The labor market is tough and my parents refuse to admit it.



  - Post ID: t3_1jbh6t3
    Content: Let’s be clear.. I’m emotionally drained lmao
Man, applying for jobs these days is like riding an emotional roller coaster. Let me break it down:

Apply for jobs (no emotions yet)
Get an email to schedule an interview (excited)
Progress to the next steps (happy)
Get a rejection email (sad)

Get another interview invite (excited again)
Receive another rejection email (sad)

Oh, another interview invite (excited)
Move to the next steps (excited)
Final interview (happy)
Verbal offer (super happy!!)
A week later, offer rescinded (depressed)

Another interview invite (excited)

And on it goes... applying to more jobs.

I'm not the only one going through this, right? Man, it’s tough! Sending out positive vibes to everyone out here—may we all find the right companies, recruiters, and positions we’re looking for! ☘️

Fuhhhhhh!

  - Post ID: t3_1jb3btf
    Content: Got a free coupon code in my rejection email. I'm starting to think there was no job and the job posting was just a way for them to get leads and therefore more sales. It's a company that sells cookware.


  - Post ID: t3_1jb7b6l
    Content: Indeed LinkedIn and all this crap is full of entitled HR soulless carcasses
I spent two years trying to get a job to no success.   
This year I decided to approach it differently and I started to Email companies with a greatly formatted Email and my resume attached.  
In 4 months I got Two different great paying jobs.

HR people are demons disguised as humans. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jayknf
    Content: Experience requirements are progressing quicker than I can acquire experience
When I first graduated and started looking, it felt like all entry level jobs (salaried, slightly above minimum wage) required 2-3 years of experience and a bachelors degree. I was a fresh grad with 0 years of experience and had to catch a few lucky breaks to finally have 2-3 years experience. Now that I have that level of experience, it feels like all jobs of that pay level is asking for 3-5 years experience. I’m seeing jobs asking for 3-5 years of leadership and management experience offering ~50k (CAD!!) 

Am I just fucked forever? Will I eventually have 10 years experience applying for jobs that pay 50k asking for 12 years experience? Hoping that it’s not the case and I am just pessimistic and biased because the job search has been frustrating.

  - Post ID: t3_1jbgtxz
    Content: Why do I keep getting rejected? Who are these other “candidates” they are moving forward with?
Was laid off. 

A senior front end with 10 years of experience applying for front end roles. Made sure I had all the skills and technologies listed. Recruiters and friends said my resume is spot on. I got 4 responses so far form 100+ applications. 

I never make it past talking to the recruiters despite having great conversations. Even after submitting good coding assessments. I’m ghosted right after. And some of the rejection will not offer feedback. I don’t have issues socially and can speak clearly. 

What’s wrong with all this? Is it me? Is it the economy? How picky are they right now? 

Did they post a listing for front end but meant they want a full stack software engineer with 20+ YOE as well as management skills, can build a house from scratch, ride a unicorn, and cure world hunger???

I don’t get it!! I’m so angry and defeated. I hate this economy. 

When will this bullshit stop? I need a goddamn job. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jb7wlw
    Content: Interview Canceled w/o Notice
Just wanted to come somewhere ppl could share my anger🤣🤣 
So I had a recruiter reach out to me for a position and scheduled me for an interview with her team. (KEY NOTE- I DIDNT APPLY, THEY REACHED OUT)

Interview day comes, I’m super excited bc it’s a role in the field i’m pivoting to that’s been HARDDD to break into. 
Clicked the Zoom link.... invalid. Hmmm Weird. I call the recruiter that reached out, only to be hit with, “Oh, we actually filled that role last week. Emails should’ve gone out.” Then click. They hung up IN MY FACE. I get furious and find the HR director for this company’s phone number and give her a call to tell her everything that just happened. She very non chalantly says “oh there was an error on our automated emails and you were our first interview this week, we apologize for that” and hangs up. I bring my sentiments to LinkedIn when I get a personalized email and LinkedIn message from the HR Director about how sorry they were and that they were going to reconfigure their software so this doesn’t happen again, yada yada. I get it, shit happens and human error is inevitable. But that whole thing still made me so mad🫠🫠🫠

  - Post ID: t3_1jbjso7
    Content: Just got baited and switched
I’m super pissed about this, because I really needed the money. For three months I’ve been interviewing for a contract role for one of the FAANGs. They have strung me along, then finally I get the notice that they want to hire me. So this job is temporary. No benefits. And through their contract employers. I gave them my rate months ago, and today, they gave me a rate that was 20 bucks below my asking rate that was approved earlier, and not even in the range provided on the job description. I even have it in email. The recruiter made up a song and dance about location. I’m in Austin. And I’m like, you are recruiting talent for a company that makes a trillion a year. You are making money off of me.  I’m extremely experienced. And yet she pulled a bait and switch! I asked her if the employer knew they were doing that. She told me she’d get back to me. Such obvious exploitation. This shit with contract companies flies under the radar. But they need to be held accountable. Anyway, if they don’t get back to me with my original price, I’m going to reach out to the hiring manager directly, and tell her what they did. Anyone else face this?

  - Post ID: t3_1jb0vcd
    Content: Everyone Sound So Miserable?
Every Reddit post I come across that talks about careers and the comments that I see in that post, everyone just sounds so miserable with their career. No one is happy and passionate with their job, work at a dead end job, almost every college major is ass, forcing yourself to go into a career field you have no interest or passion but have no choices bc you need job stability and high income to pay the bills, almost everyone are regretting their career or are lost, not sure where to go but trying to survive living in the US plus expensive cost of living. Seems like there’s no hope at all living in the US anymore. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jayxd3
    Content: How to spend the day as a 31 y/o unemployed woman?
I need serious help and have literally no idea where to start. I also have ADHD and struggle with motivation and organizing my thoughts. I have almost no work experience (college art degree and then serving, bartending) and haven’t worked for the last 3 years due to burnout from workplace bullying and extreme stress. I know that’s a long time. My parents have been helping me survive but I really need to stop relying on them. I have barely talked to anyone in years because I am so ashamed of my situation. 

If anyone can, please give me some idea of where to start. I don’t know what time I should be waking up, or how to approach getting a job (I can’t do restaurant work again). I also have a hyper active dog I’m spending most of my time caring for right now and idk how to help him and myself or what I’ll do with him if I’m working. He is so needy I can’t spend two consecutive hours on just myself which is a whole issue itself.  What’s like a rough daily plan of what I should be doing? 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbk5p8
    Content: How do you make 100k+ when you’re not good at sales and not tech enough for tech??
Title really says it all, I’ve tried my darndest but my brain just really isn’t wired for tech related things and sales related jobs are so unstable depending on the market of what you’re selling, and I don’t like having an income that’s so prone to fluctuating. Plus I’m a very quiet person so I don’t see it being a good fit. 

But I’d like to get to 100k+ one day
All I have right now is a highschool diploma, a baby, and 3 years customer reception experience. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jaxy55
    Content: How do people keep working?
I feel burnout after 10 years of job. (Maybe recent toxic work environment is reason because I was not thinking this before January)
how do people continue a job for decades, Even after having enough money.

  - Post ID: t3_1jaybfe
    Content: What is the best advice you’d give someone who is just starting off their career?
Just starting off, would love some advice :)

  - Post ID: t3_1jb8csi
    Content: What can I do as a less intelligent person?
What online jobs can a stupid person do?

I'm considering an online job, but I have no real online skills, I'm a stupid person. Well, I'm a graduate of the dental school but it ain't that difficult to pass it in my country. I never worked as a dentist since I'm unskilled, ignorant, and fearful of failure. I need to work from home because I really hate interaction with people, it's better for me to stay home and keep away from this toxic world. 

Adding to that, English isn't my first language, but I can understand English articles, texts, and basically everything on reddit here. I struggle with listening really fast speakers in movies but youtube videos are good, particularly the academic ones. I will list my disadvantages.

Slow learner.

Stupid.

Poor memory.

Hopelessness.

Impatience.

English isn't my mother tongue.

Introvert.

These are the thing I think hold me back from exploring my life, they are making me poor and unhireable. But I need to change.

  - Post ID: t3_1jbdzjl
    Content: Fairly successful marketer at 37 but completely unmotivated/unable to continue doing my job. Where do I go from here?
WARNING: sort of a long post, so I truly appreciate anyone who takes the time to read this ❤️

BACKGROUND/CONTEXT
I've worked in the tech/marketing world for about a decade now. I've done well and grinded my way from being a junior copywriter to an executive at a tech company at one point. Made 160k CAD the last two years, low six figures since about 2019.

I'm self-taught, a pretty okay people leader, likeable (I mean, I think!), good to work with (mostly), and emotionally intelligent (I have zero idea if these are helpful things to mention). 

Currently doing marketing consulting with on and off success. Did well last year but will probably only clear 4k this month. Lost a few clients and burnt some bridges along the way, usually from taking on too much.

Also a co-founder of a tech product that has yet to generate revenue (about 5 months in, which isn't atypical, but my own motivation is plummeting).

Diagnosed with ADHD last year. On meds (for whatever that's worth). 

Most engaged I've felt recently is training for athletics, writing movie reviews on Letterboxd, playing extremely elaborate and in-depth games with my daughter via a recurring cast of stuffy characters, and working with my hands (fixing the laundry machine after my father in law broke it, good times).

In therapy (I know that bit of advice/feedback is coming!) Obviously that's not a quick fix, but it feels good to be doing it. 

Have recently quit drinking 1-2 beers every night or so to clear my head and improve my physical and mental health as much as possible. Wouldn't say I'm a drunk, but certainly drink more than I should and want to permanently kick the habjt. 

I don't partake in any substances outside of alcohol (unless eating the occasional large pizza to myself while watching Michael Mann's crime opus Heat is considered a substance).

THE PROBLEM
My motivation to literally execute work has completely plummeted. I have no desire to grow or learn new things in the space. I can and have been incredibly effective in roles, but I'm completely drained and permanently burnt out, it feels. 

I have a three year old. Savings are okay but not where they should be. I live in a high cost of living city in Canada (Vancouver) and am renting. Wife is a lawyer and makes decent money (140k) but not enough for us to live off of while saving. 

I feel like the world's biggest ungrateful asshole and like I've had every opportunity and squandered it. I can't keep doing what I'm doing; chasing motivation spikes and hopping across companies and clients. It will and maybe has already caught up with me. Also not getting younger, and ageism is a real thing in tech/marketing.

Do I hunker down and make it work? Get a trade and just start grinding? If so, which? Find a cushy government job? Eliminate distractions? Work in a bike shop and just make 40k-50k a year (worked as a mechanic through my teens and early 20s)? Move somewhere cheap AF at the expensive of quality of education for my daughter?

I'm at a loss, and feel like time is running out -- life moves fast and I want to build a solid future for my daughter. 

I sincerely appreciate any advice or thoughts y'all have; I know that was a bit word dump above! 



  - Post ID: t3_1jbltet
    Content: Is it bad to have 6 jobs on my resume from the last 13 years???
In my 20s I worked 5 different because frankly I didn't take my career seriously and I was still figuring out what my career was. My resume shows I'm a jack of all trades cause my work experience is quite diverse. I was a math tutor for a year, facilities maintenance technician for a couple years, car mechanic for two years, quality inspector for a year, product supervisor for a year (laid off due to merger), and finally quality systems supervisor for 3 years which I was also laid off just last Sept. 

I'm now in my 30s and finally found direction. I plan to go to school (supply chain management) and find a job similar to that field to further my career. I'd just like to know if employers will hold it against me for having several jobs in my past, and not staying long for most of them. Also will they hold it against me for being laid off my last two jobs?

Once again I've been unemployed since last Sept. But the last couple months I gotten a few calls for interviews which is great. They're mostly related to quality in manufacturing which is where I'm most experienced. I'd like to get a job like supply chain/logistics coordinator or material planner.

  - Post ID: t3_1jble6q
    Content: Is it too late to get a new degree?
Hello everyone!

I am 24 years old and I graduated last summer and got my degree in translation and interpreting. With the rapid advancement of AI, I am beginning to think that my field has a deadline. I have been thinking about getting a new degree which is dentistry, the problem is however if I start now I will be a student for the next 5 years and by that point, I will be approximately 30.

I just have doubts about the timing, is it too late? Can I do it etc? I don't have anyone relying on me but all of my friends have a clear picture of what they are going to do and can chart somewhat of a plan for themselves.

I just wanted to get your opinion.

  - Post ID: t3_1jbi3ld
    Content: Currently in the military was wondering what jobs would be a good fit for when I get out?
I have a very strong work ethic and I am not scared of putting the hours in. I personally don’t have a degree and do not intend on going to college I’ve tried it but it’s just not for me. I’m in the infantry so there aren’t a lot of jobs on the civilian side that correlate haha what would y’all recommend I should look into for when I get out? 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbd5a5
    Content: Moved up to management and now I'm burnt out. Where to go from here?
I work at a certain coffee company and was highly encouraged to move up fast due to my work ethic and performance. It took no time at all before I was moved up from shift supervisor to ASM to SM now. I have been in role for almost a year and I'm still struggling with being on call 24/7. I feel like I do not have days off anymore, because even when I do get to actually stay home I'm putting out fires from my phone. I keep telling myself I'll get the hang of it and it'll get better but I just feel so empty all the time. My fellow managers and baristas tell me I'm doing an awesome job and I'm "the best manager they've ever had" but I don't know how much longer I can do this for. Really thinking of demoting or moving companies. Anyone else in this boat? What have you done? 

  - Post ID: t3_1jb6b06
    Content: How do you handle a career pivot when it doesn't work out?
Hey everyone,

I’m about to turn 25 and feel completely stuck in my career. I started in talent acquisition out of college, made decent money ($80K) for around 3.5 years, and thought I was on a solid trajectory. But after a while, I got disengaged, lost motivation, and was ultimately laid off when my company restructured.

I pivoted into Sales Development (SDR) at 45k base thinking I could grind it out, learn a valuable skill, and eventually move into an account management or higher-paying role. But after 10 months in the job, I’ve booked only 2 meetings in the last 6 months, after being promoted to our enterprise team. I avoid cold calls, and I dread every workday. My boss is micromanaging me now, tracking every dial, and I’m at serious risk of being fired.

At the same time, I’ve applied to 150+ jobs across recruiting, sales, and other fields—with no luck. I was also hoping to get into grad school for counseling, but I only applied to a couple of programs and was rejected. Now I feel like I’m completely out of options.

My biggest concern right now is whether I hate sales because I'm bad at it, or I hate sales because I hate it. I'm also wondering if I might need to just suck it up and accept that this is how work will be.

I feel like I’m just floating, bouncing between ideas but never fully committing to anything. Every time I try to change my situation, I get stuck in my own head—doubting my decisions, worrying about failing again, and ultimately doing nothing.

Has anyone else been in a situation like this? How do you push through the uncertainty and make a real move forward when nothing seems to be working?

Any advice, personal stories, or even just a reality check would be appreciated. Thanks in advance.

  - Post ID: t3_1jbhx5w
    Content: How damning will in future job searches if I leave my job without a 2 weeks notice?
Hello guys, I’ve found myself in a pretty difficult situation to navigate at my workplace of 3 years. They’ve given me a lot of opportunities for professional development and certifications in the past so I feel like I should do the right thing, but it’s honestly become an unbearable place to be. 

Without getting too into the nitty gritty, a senior coworker of mine is the daughter of the GM of the entire company and thus gets away with murder on a daily basis disrespecting everyone and generally making work something I absolutely dread. Lately my manager has given up on controlling the situation and this coworker was given an inch and took a mile, essentially running the workplace against safety procedures and standards with no repercussions while my other coworkers and I are still strictly held to said standards. It’s genuinely reached a point of disrespect where I’m being yelled at to my face basically for following safety guidelines.

My question is, if I walk, will it haunt me in future career opportunities? I know the company will blacklist me from ever working at any of their branches or locations, but I have no interest in moving to another location in the future. I’m looking at completely pivoting my professional career after this, so I feel like it won’t be likely future employers would contact this job to ask? Is it something that I’d be given a chance to explain away?

TLDR; If I quit my job without giving a notice, will future employers likely find out and disregard my applications?

  - Post ID: t3_1jblnzf
    Content: How do I get experience if nobody will hire me?
So I’ve been unemployed since July and I’ve been applying for jobs like crazy but none of them will hire me, most of them won’t even give me an interview and when I ask why they say it’s because I don’t have enough experience, but the reason I don’t have experience is because they won’t hire me. Even basic entry level jobs are telling me this, and I only have 6 weeks until I lose my housing unless I can make rent, so how do I get experience without a job?

  - Post ID: t3_1jb5cwk
    Content: Interview at a place I previously worked for a different position. How to answer why I left and salary expectations?
I have an interview at a company that I worked for a couple of years ago for a different position (lateral position). I originally left because I couldn't balance the hours and going back to school full time. I end up taking a position at a similar place with less hours based on a friends recommendation.

While working at my previous company, I received several raises. I have asked for my starting salary to be the same as when I left. Asking for this was more of a hope, knowing that I will likely need to negotiate down as I am in a different position. I have never negotiated salary in person, so I need help on what to say.

Answering why I left; this one terrifies me. I don't want to say that I left to work with a friend, nor that the hours were overwhelming. Help me answer this as professionally as possible.



  - Post ID: t3_1jbo8er
    Content: Left a job that I didn’t like, and now regretting it. Should I ask for my old job back?
I had a job that had a great hybrid schedule (3 days in office), great benefits, and pay… The actual job was not my cup of tea, and it was affecting me to the point where I would just zone out for 10-15 minute periods where I just wasn’t doing work. This was amplified on the WFH days, where I wouldn’t do any outbound/inbound calls.

Eventually, I was having conversations with my seniors and my supervisor about whether I should stay or go. I was totally honest and told them that I just didn’t like being on the phones at all. Unfortunately, there was no other way to get me off the phones for this role, and the only way to move away from this specific role was to stay for at least a year.

I didn’t make it to a year, and when I told my supervisor that I didn’t want to do the job, HR got me off boarded in a timely manner.

It’s been about 3 weeks now, and while I’ve had other interviews for other roles, I’m starting to feel regret about leaving this role. Like, I wish I could’ve pushed myself to the one year mark, and then I could move up or laterally somewhere. 

I think I dropped the ball with this one, stupidly, I’ll admit. I have nobody to blame but myself. I guess I’m just here to let some feelings out about it.

Has anyone ever told their manager that they hated their job, then quit… and then asked for it back? 😅

  - Post ID: t3_1jbmnoj
    Content: Should I take a commission-based sales job?
I currently make $55k + $10k-15k bonus a year working for a government consulting company. I sell professional services (on top of other things that’s not sales) but it is not commission based. I’ve been offered a commission based sales job where the base pay is $60k/ year with the potential to make $110k/year with commission. I do think the solution I’d be selling is valuable and exciting but I’ve been comfortable in my current job for over 5 years. 

As I’ve never had a commission based or sales focused job before I’m unsure if this is something a) I’d be good at and b) something I’d even like. 

I would love to hear from those who’ve worked sales and if you love or hate it. Sales has a bad reputation which scares me…. Any advice?

  - Post ID: t3_1jbkho6
    Content: Terminated after just three months. Where do I go from here?
I work in marketing and spent about 2 years in a role where I basically was just a coordinator and assistant for the rest of marketing team. I wanted to have a more leading role, and many people who held my role in the past were eventually promoted, but the promotion never came for me, so I eventually left for another company who hired me to do more intensive marketing work.

This week, I was terminated after just three months and am struggling to evaluate myself/process it. I feel like most of my work at the company was generally okay, but there were just a few things I struggled to nail down and that was evidently enough for them to part with me. Officially, it goes down as a resignation rather than a firing.

I really don't know where to go from here. First of all, I've never been terminated before, let alone after this sort of a time. How do I handle it when applying for jobs or on interviews? With only a three month gap, am I better off just leaving it off my resume and acting like it never happened? I figured it wouldn't be hard given how short it was, but I don't want it come up in a background check or if they ask if I've ever been forced to resign from a position before.

Secondly, should I just take this as a sign that I'm not cut out for it and go back to being an assistant (or just leave marketing altogether)? Part of me feels like a lot of things contributed to what went wrong at this position, including just not being a good culture fit, and I can still succeed at another marketing firm, but it's also hard to shake the fear that the same thing will happen if I land the same position elsewhere too. The fact they let me go so quickly has really destroyed all my self-esteem and confidence.

  - Post ID: t3_1jbgzvh
    Content: 25-Year-Old CS Grad in a Low-Paying Job – How Can I Increase My Income Right Now?
Pretty much what the title says. Clearly Software Engineering isn't the lucrative career path that it used to be during COVID, and despite me being passionate about programming and am self teaching Python after graduating with a BA in CS April of last year, I'm looking to different career paths that could make me more money to support my family. Right now I'm only making 35k here in miami, FL which is not bad when you live with your girlfriend, but it's not ideal either. 

I am already planning on making projects for my resume this year, however not sure what other career path is more lucrative for someone in my position as a 25 y/o just looking for an instant boost of income, hell with 50k a year, I feel like if I continue to live frugally, I could most definitely save up more money to buy a house. Would be preferable if it was remote, but I'd understand if that's not possible. My current job is a data entry specialist which has no relevance to my career path. 

Also another thing I'd like to add, i originally have my resume tailored for SWE roles, however I'm not sure if i should do one that's more generic. Thank you in advance!

  - Post ID: t3_1jblvah
    Content: How long have you been without a job?
Me: 3 weeks, though im expecting a long and exhausting job search ahead 😓

  - Post ID: t3_1jb1dv9
    Content: (HELP) 19, and can’t get hired ANYWHERE, why is the job market so shit?
Never been so angry in my whole life, I need money so desperately for college and paying for personal expenses, I’m extremely broke, I just feel like I’m so behind in life and everybody my age has money while I literally don’t have a dollar to my name (literally), I’ve applied to over 100 entry level jobs, in retail, fast food, even fucking McDonald’s, can’t even get a response back from MCDONALDS!!, at this point wtf do I do?? (Btw I live in Sacramento, CA, idk if that has any affect on my job search :/)

  - Post ID: t3_1jbj5qj
    Content: WHY IS IS SO F***ING HARD TO GET A JOB NOWADAYS
There is absolutely no reason why I’ve applied to 300+ jobs and *HAVEN’T RECEIVED AN INTERVIEW OR OFFER YET*.

 I don’t know why every other person who’s currently in the job market has experienced the same shit and no one with any power has been like “yea maybe something’s wrong”. 

Job hunting in 2025 is incredibly dehumanizing, demoralizing, and downright depressing, even more so for those who don’t have any support. 

Editing to add: It also shouldn’t be this hard to get a job *with* a degree. More and more people nowadays feel like their degree wasn’t really worth it, given how difficult it is to not only find a job, but to find a job that doesn’t have a mile long list of responsibilities, only to pay $20/hr. So many new grads are spending long periods of time unemployed because no one wants to hire new grads *(cue the five years of experience for an entry level role)*. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jb9ct9
    Content: I left my last job voluntarily and have been unemployed for over a year. Should I lie about why I left my last job?
I left my last job mainly because I hated it and, I thought it wouldn't be that hard to get a new job in the profession I wanted. Flash forward 13 months and I am no longer even applying to jobs in that profession because I have totally lost any hope in getting a job there.


I am  just trying to get some sort of unskilled manual labour job because I am running out of money and I will take just about anything right now. At my last interview I lied about why I left my last story. I gave some sob-story of having to leave work because my dad became injured and needed my help. I got ghosted from that company should I keep up lying or, will this blow-up in my face and make me more unhireable.

  - Post ID: t3_1jbfh0d
    Content: Wages have dropped
Anyone noticing in interviews that wages have come down drastically? I have a degree and years of experience in multiple fields. I'm in a HCOL living area and most are 20-28 an hour or if salary 40-60k a year. This is really low. Just a few years ago average pay was higher. Am I the only one seeing this? 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbajkc
    Content: Why is it like this !
For reference it's currently March 14th 2025.   I applied to this place specifically October 7th 2025.   That's 5 MONTHS of nothing.      115 WORK DAYS of nothing.       I applied everywhere because I was desperate for work and not just on indeed.     I just NOW got a job.      I applied to hundreds of places and had 5 interviews.   Only one actually went somewhere.        I start next week after. A YEAR of not having a job.    Im now legally homeless I had to file for bankruptcy      these places need to face some sort of repercussions for having job listings up and not actually hiring someone.    

Like 2 pm ON A FRIDAY.    HR is JUST walking out the door there is no way they have this many applications that they took this long to filter through them.   


  - Post ID: t3_1jbj9yq
    Content: Hack: Don't be this person
I'm not one to blast someone, especially a candidate but showing heart, compassion and empathy goes a long way. This is absolutely, unequivocally, NOT the way to find out a status of your application or a way to get a contact that *may* be able to help you. 

I'll gladly help someone who is looking for a contact if they're pleasant but this made my skin boil and here we are. 

Don't. Be. This. Person. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jb4cpi
    Content: Applied to 3000 remote jobs. Learned being first to apply gave me a huge edge
was struggling last year to get interviews. Chatting with some recruiter friends, I discovered they are getting thousands of applications per job.  At that point, was spending about 1-2 hrs applying every morning.

Long story short, being a software engineer I built a tool to show me jobs as soon as they are posted on the company’s site (notably not indeed/linked in etc). Before my interview hit rate was about 1 in 400, being amongst the first to apply brought it up to about 1 in 100. All jobs I was qualified for and had relevant experience in.

Here is the tool (remote jobs only) - https://tangerinefeed.net

Let me know if it helps, words of appreciation go a long way towards motivating me to make the tool better.


  - Post ID: t3_1jbefuo
    Content: Why does it seem impossible to get a low level job right now?
I am currently working on getting my career set up and in the mean time I've been looking for entry level jobs (fast food, customer service, etc.) and at this point I've applied to like 12 jobs and I'm not really hearing back from any of them. I've never really had trouble getting a job in the past and it's never been this hard. What's going on? Is it the timing? Labor pool? etc.

  - Post ID: t3_1jbcbay
    Content: I dont understand why everyone says theyre hiring
Im having a really really difficult time. Ive been a stay at home mom the past 5 years, running my own business, its nothing huge, but it generated enough for groceries, and home/car repairs when needed. My husband works full time, from home, and we get by. 2024 was awful for my business, and i decided it was best to get a part time job, both for a more consistent income and my ✨️sanity✨️. My financial independence is something I was always very proud of prior to having a baby. I have no education beyond highschool, but im only looking for part time work. I have retail experience, and experience in food service management. I dont understand why all of these places have signs in their windows claiming to be hiring, advertisements and postings, and I cant even get an interview. Im getting rejected by grocery stores, and gas stations, and chain restaurants and i dont understand why. Its sending my self worth down the drain to see high schoolers working jobs ive been rejected by. I know on paper i dont look impressive, being unemployed for 5 years, but i never thought it would matter for a part time job paying 13-15 an hour. Ive never had this much difficulty finding work. Ive been applying for 2 months now, for probably 40 different positions at 25-30 different places. Im so frustrated, and I feel so defeated.

  - Post ID: t3_1jb85nn
    Content: Why is the job market so bad rn?
Long story short—I have around four years of experience in the data domain in Indian IT sector, along with a degree in computer science. I’ve been applying to roles that genuinely interest me, with a well-crafted cover letter, but landing a new job—especially a remote one—has been an absolute struggle.

Why is the job market so bad right now? Can someone fill me in on what’s going on? Need some suggestions on how to proceed further!

  - Post ID: t3_1jbl177
    Content: Is it still acceptable to walk in a grocery store or retail store and ask for a job application?
Im struggling to find a job online and keep getting rejection emails. I really just want a cashier job for now while I wait on these other applications I put in for a healthcare job. Who knows how long that would take. So i don’t want to sit around all day.

Should I walk in to the nearest grocery store or retail store and try applying that way? 

Has anyone done this in recent years and had it work for them? :/

  - Post ID: t3_1jb96s0
    Content: Is attaching some kind of video presentation to your CV a good move to stand out from other candidates?
I’ve been thinking about ways to make my CV stand out in this competitive job market. One idea I’m considering is attaching a short video presentation along with my CV. I’m curious to hear your thoughts on this. Does anyone have experience with using video in job applications?

Do you think it helps in making a stronger impression or does it come off as unnecessary?

TY from Italy

  - Post ID: t3_1jb3puj
    Content: Job Seekers, how’s your hiring experience been?
"Hey everyone, job hunting has been really frustrating lately. I keep running into the same issues—no responses after interviews, recruiters ghosting after multiple rounds, and just overall unprofessional behavior.

Am I the only one dealing with this, or is this just how things are now? What’s the worst hiring experience you’ve had?

Honestly, it feels like there should be a way to know how companies treat candidates before applying. Would something like that actually be helpful?

Just trying to see if this is a common struggle or if I’ve just had bad luck. Would love to hear your thoughts!"

(Edit:  I was thinking that these companies or recruiters should be announced publicly on LinkedIn or on some platforms. Do share your thoughts about this.. So others may not apply for the openings and companies do care about their reputation so they may improve the hiring process.)

  - Post ID: t3_1jb2s21
    Content: Need Job !! I'm veryy stressed!!
Hey ..I'm currently doing my btech in industrial and production engineering...from NIT Jalandhar...I have good cg ...good intership experience as well ...i really need a job ..I have tried everything possible...I'm really stressed...if any could help me with job in Domains of supply chain , procurement, production planning and control. Please help .

  - Post ID: t3_1jbce7j
    Content: Resume stinks.. Need to update it.
Howdy internet folks. I need to get my resume refreshed. I've been unemployed since 2022 (2022 was a "go back to school" year, the rest have been battling ADHD and paralyzing anxiety. Yaaay😅). My wife is teaching, but is pregnant (with our second kiddo!) and won't be working next year. I gotta find a jorb!

Setting aside my story for a minute, What are some good resume review websites? I looked at Top Resume, and saw that they have packages from $60 to $700 (including job searching).

  
(quick aside: I know many of you would be more than willing to review my resume. I totally appreciate that, and I'm happy to share my resume via DM. But I am trying to reduce my online footprint as of late, so I'll not post it on the main subreddit.)

  
When it comes to resume writing/review services, do the top tier packages really make a big difference? I'm not above spending a comparatively large sum if it increases my chances. but I don't want to spend $500 or $700 when $350 or even $99 will do. 

TL;DR: I'm looking for a resume writing/reviewing service to improve my resume and chances of getting interviews. I'm wondering if the higher priced services are worth spending the extra coin. Bonus points if you can point to a specific service that radically changed your job hunt and got you a job.   




  - Post ID: t3_1jb8z30
    Content: Tailoring resumes for applications is really time consuming. How I resolved this problem?
I'm a developer with over 7 years of experiece. I searched for a job for 6 months, took me almost 3 to understand how everything works: create a proper resume, balance my full time job with job hunting, resumes tailoring and small tricks to stand out my application.   
  
For every single job application was exhausting, I needed to be creative, especially when you're rewriting bullet points endlessly to match AI-driven Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS). On top of that, navigating unpredictable interview questions and being ghosted constantly. 

I decided to instead of finding a job, resolving people's problem. I built a practical [solution using ChatGPT](http://app.jobbyo.ai)—an "Auto Apply" tool.   
1. It optimizes resumes for each job posting   
2. Automates the forms filling  
3. I tracks all jobs you applied and you have a list made for YOUR profile

For early users, I'm giving a resume review in exchance for a feedback on the [app](http://app.jobbyo.ai)! 

  - Post ID: t3_1jb4gwn
    Content: How do you professionally tell someone's boss they have no fundamental knowledge or understanding of the tasks they're performing?
Title sums it up. The company I work for is seeking a specific accreditation for some of the work we perform for customers. I was tasked with auditing the individual tasks to their documented methods. 

The tasks themselves aren't complicated. The documentation is specific and step by step, leaving now room for misinterpretation, by design. We've been doing these tasks for decades and our customers rely on the outcome when designing their processes. 

The audit evidence shows we aren't doing a single task correctly. The deviations reflect a misunderstanding or completely ignorance of what the tasks are designed to do. 

The accreditation cycle has already been scheduled. I will have to inform senior management that we aren't, and never have, performed to spec. 

While I have no problem presenting the evidence, it's so bad that I'll look like an alarmist blowing things out of proportion. The person in charge and responsible for the implementation of most of these is a nice enough guy, but I have no idea how this was allowed to come about.

 Any advice that might make me look like less of a drama queen when informing management is greatly appreciated. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbgb1m
    Content: I will quit on Monday because I got a better offer. What should I do if they counter the offer?
I like my current job, but they are not giving me a raise any time soon. Although I have the feeling that my boss, his boss and his immediate like me, so there is a chance that they might try to counter the offer.

However, it doesn't matter, it is just business as usual. Regardless of them wanting me to stay or how small are the chances of them deciding to give me more money, if I signal I want to leave for more money, can't they just make an offer and then fire me after finding a replacement?

Should I just thank the offer but decline, if it happens?

  - Post ID: t3_1jb1oad
    Content: Job keeps shorting my paychecks
TLDR: my checks keep coming up short by a few hundred, and when I contact HR the situation appears resolved until my paycheck comes and I’ve been shorted again. What do I do?

For reference, I’m a 23M working in construction documentation. I make salary but every week any hours over 40 hours I get overtime. Additionally I receive $75/mo as a phone reimbursement and $350/mo as a car reimbursement (both of these reimbursements are paid tax free on my first check of the month)

3 paychecks ago my pay stub came in and it did not accurately reflect my overtime hours, I contacted HR who filed a special payroll to compensate me 6 days later.

The paycheck after that said I had no overtime. When I contacted HR again, I was told it would be added onto my next check. 

Just received my most recent paycheck which has 17.25 hours of overtime, but according to my timesheet I’m owed 12.5 hours from the first paycheck and I earned 10 hours on this most recent check. Additionally it doesn’t have my car allowance on there. All told it looks like they owe me around $500 at the moment. 


  - Post ID: t3_1jbd49f
    Content: Feel stuck and lost
I've been working call center as a support analyst since 2022 for almost 3 years and I really want to get out of this role. I have no interest in getting certifications because it'll just lead to more support and things I don't have any interest in. I'm sick and tired of dealing with customers who don't know how to do simple stuff in the software and I feel undervalued for my work. I make 49K before taxes in a HCOL area working remotely for Home Health &amp; Hospice EMR software. There is not much downtime between calls and my company doesn't hire enough people to accommodate for the call volume. There's also not much career growth in the role and my manager promises career growth but it never happens. I don't like my manager and I feel the whole upper management team is out of touch with the support analysts needs. It seems like they only give honor to those who close more cases and value quantity over quality in terms of metrics. I graduated from a well-respected university with a math major and computer science minor but I was never able to land a job that uses my degree. I am currently enrolled part-time for engineering through my local community college taking one class a time and am considering an engineering masters or second bachelor's to pivot my career. Either that or a computer science or data science masters. I have 46K saved up so making the jump I am OK with. I feel like I've wasted all my potential and have ruined my career at 27 years old working this job. I feel like a failure. This job is very mind numbing and has severely affected my mental health. Please advise on what I should do.



  - Post ID: t3_1jb8dk3
    Content: What can I do as a stupid person?
What online jobs can a stupid person do?

I'm considering an online job, but I have no real online skills, I'm a stupid person. Well, I'm a graduate of the dental school but it ain't that difficult to pass it in my country. I never worked as a dentist since I'm unskilled, ignorant, and fearful of failure. I need to work from home because I really hate interaction with people, it's better for me to stay home and keep away from this toxic world. 

Adding to that, English isn't my first language, but I can understand English articles, texts, and basically everything on reddit here. I struggle with listening really fast speakers in movies but youtube videos are good, particularly the academic ones. I will list my disadvantages.

Slow learner.

Stupid.

Poor memory.

Hopelessness.

Impatience.

English isn't my mother tongue.

Introvert.

These are the thing I think hold me back from exploring my life, they are making me poor and unhireable. But I need to change.

  - Post ID: t3_1jbnh5q
    Content: Got fired a month after getting my first professional job
Hello, first time posting in this subreddit so please bear with me but I'm just really disappointed in myself. 

I was fired this week at my first ever office job as a marketing research analyst after a month, and the reason they cited was "general lack of interest in assigned tasks and attitude towards the job". Personally, this came as an absolute shock because I had to chase after the senior analysts and the person training me for tasks to do/things they could teach me; if they were busy, I would go read up on company manuals and try to teach myself some relevant skills for the job. They told me that it was a very busy time so I bounced around to search for things to do, stuff I could help with, and took notes whenever I could to learn more about the job. The two people training me also praised me several times for some of my completed tasks and, generally, it felt like they were satisfied with my work and performance.

What surprised me was that the person training me was explaining a task for me to do in the morning, and told me to read up on manuals when I was done because they would be in meetings all day. 15 mins later I get a message on Teams from HR saying that they wanted to call me and talk, and not even 5 mins later they said that they were terminating my contract. Since I was still in the probationary period, there's no prior notice nor second chance, etc...The only reasons I can think of is maybe I spoke too casually, or my attitude was too casual (which didn't feel wrong in the specific office environment); I was on my phone replying to messages during a team meeting Monday morning (literally the only time I've ever checked my phone during a meeting bc my friend's in the hospital); or the last reason would be that I'm still in my last semester of college.

I'm trying to understand what I could've done better, and how I can improve myself so that this never happens again. And if a future employer/interviewer ever asks about this experience, how can I explain that, while this was a very short experience, I've learned quite a lot about the industry, and also learned a lesson on office culture in general? What do you guys think?

  - Post ID: t3_1jb9w0w
    Content: Didn’t work. Did a masters. Dropped the masters. What do I do?
I was doing a masters for 2 years and ended up dropping it. How will this look in my CV? This gap. I won’t put the masters on there of course. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jb5wbh
    Content: [ 0 YoE, Unemployed, Software / AIML Engr. , USA ]
Hello! Extremely cooked new grad (California, US citizen) targeting entry level positions, mostly for AI/ML, but also software engineer and full-stack or front end dev ^^; Sorry for incoming word salad!!!

Here is my most comprehensive resume and I swap things out / add more detailed info depending on the role :D I got 88 on Resumeworded with a variation of this resume. 

I’m seeking assistance w my resume because it looks like I’m not getting past the resume screen for almost anything haha..

Are there any skills I should pick up? Should I change my approach? Do I need to switch specialisations? I went a little too far down the AI/ML hole and I think I shot myself in the foot. Two Meta employees have told me to add a summary section but I’m not sure what to take out if I do orz

Additionally, there is a 3 month formal CS tutoring position not listed (yet) but I include it when filling out experience in job portals.

So far, though I haven’t really been keeping track so as to not totally destroy my morale:
* I’ve probably applied to ~150 jobs since graduation under those titles (it’s on the lower end, working on it!! o7)
* 1 phone screen -&gt; OA (recorded interview questions + leetcode question, passed all test cases) -&gt; rejection
* 2 OA -&gt; rejection

As for my approach:
* Basically any industry
* Applying both inside CA (up and down the stage) and outside but with heavier preference toward within. Willing to relocate
* Not yet talking to recruiters (I see some people do like coffee chats,, I need to work up the courage lol)
* No cover letter (I do have one but gave up hshjdhd)
* Autofill with Simplify + I give it another once-over
* If it’s a company I’m really interested in, responding to all optional/required free response questions with detailed answer (except additional information section of course). Never used LLM tools to write these
* Applying to roles not exceeding 2 YoE and where I meet roughly 70% of qualifications
* Not applying to any roles with MS or PhD required 
* Detailed job description sections when filling out portals
* Don’t care about high TC, as long as it’s livable

I think I kinda know why I’ve been having such limited success, as I have been told / understand a few things going into this: I’m fighting a bit of an uphill battle because most MLOps positions are currently filled via connections and those with proven past experience in these roles (e.g. going from internship to full-time). And if not that, then the advanced degree holders tend to snap up the roles. I basically had no formal internship TuT (my own fault for not applying enough). Leetcode is also a huge barrier for me because I haven’t touched it beyond a handful of until after graduation (procrastination—big mistake). Working on this and still getting the hang of easies/mediums right now! Lastly, NLP is in demand, and as you can see, there is like no NLP. I’m working on fixing this by reading and learning through hands-on projects/tutorials on the side! 😼

In the meantime, while I’m unemployed, I’ve been
* Applying to and interviewing for local non-CS jobs. Also applying to IT positions when they open up
* Working on some personal projects: game project, creative writing web app, listen to music with strangers web app, that reading comprehension web app from a hackathon, personal website 

I would be okay with a career change I guess, in the worst case, but CS has been my dream major and SWE my dream career track since elementary school 🙈 I’ve had a lot of setbacks along the way and fought my own brain to get here so I’m not giving up now! (hopefully LOL)

Sorry for rambling and thank you so much for your time if you got all the way to the end!



  - Post ID: t3_1jbexsm
    Content: [ 7 YoE, Unemployed, or Software Engineer, USA ]
Hello! I’m a software engineer with 7 years of experience, all at the same company (which is unusual, but they paid well, I learned while working, I advanced roles, it was remote, checked every box for me). 

I’ve been laid off for a few months now and haven’t had any luck with even getting interviews, so I’m thinking it has to do with my resume.

Please let me know your thoughts!

  - Post ID: t3_1jayark
    Content: How do I get hired to a minimum wage jaw with a resume that's bare bones and not enough skills to lie on my resume?
My family has been broke for a while and while I want to focus on college, my grandpa's job hasn't called him back yet, it's about to be spring break and I'm tired of being low on money. Problem is I've applied to retail and fast food jobs but I haven't been able to get hired and I know it's because I never took off that one month working for a dollar tree (that didn't train me and fired me after 2 shifts) in the past because I thought I needed to have it. I took it down now but I think it's too late. I'm gonna try to look and see what I haven't applied for yet but what do I do in this case?

Edit: Thank you all for the advice!

  - Post ID: t3_1jbl5r1
    Content: Could my address/location be hampering my chances of getting hired?
I'm a college student with only a few years of work experience and I live in a rural town in Canada with not many jobs. I've been trying to apply in the more populated areas which are a 1h drive away (at this point I just need a job, distance be damned), but I wonder if having my address on the resume is making people not want to hire me because of how far away I am.

But really my question is: what would be more of a red flag? not having any location at all, or just putting my address on there and hoping for the best? The address itself is my mailing address (PO Box) because I feel like that adds ambiguity as to my specific location without seeming suspicious. 

To be honest, I'm not even sure how much employers focus on somebody's location when they hire but, in my situation, I feel like it could be quite a large factor. Anyway I'd like to maybe hear some ideas/tips.

Thanks!

GROUP 2: Insights on Job Market Dynamics and Employer Practices
Post IDs: t3_1jbehi1, t3_1jb3qvr, t3_1jb7lu8, t3_1jb982z, t3_1jbfqtf, t3_1jbap5g, t3_1jbbp3x, t3_1jbfimt, t3_1jbc9k9, t3_1jb7nxs, t3_1jbhzwu, t3_1jbgsls, t3_1jbdyal, t3_1jb9do2, t3_1jbgwwr, t3_1jbbn0h, t3_1jb9bwn, t3_1jbe7fa, t3_1jbcs13, t3_1jbksdu, t3_1jaz0jt, t3_1jbberd, t3_1jb97wm, t3_1jbfh0d, t3_1jbfimt, t3_1jbc9k9, t3_1jb7nxs, t3_1jbhzwu, t3_1jbgsls, t3_1jbdyal, t3_1jb9do2, t3_1jbgwwr, t3_1jbbn0h, t3_1jb9bwn, t3_1jbe7fa, t3_1jbcs13, t3_1jbksdu, t3_1jaz0jt, t3_1jbberd, t3_1jb97wm
Posts:

  - Post ID: t3_1jbehi1
    Content: I would rather be unemployed than gain a job doing this...


  - Post ID: t3_1jb3qvr
    Content: "Make us rich but we won't pay you"
A few years ago I was approached by a west coast company to set up an east coast office. I have experience in that kind of work. They wanted me to bring the "west coast style of business" to the east coast (without ever explaining what the hell that \*style would be). Their revenue goal for the first year was for me to build a book of business over $1.5MM. I would receive a salary but no commission or equity. I declined to talk further with them. I thought they were a heady mix of arrogance, greed and stupidity. They weren't particularly unique in their thinking. Which led me to realize that if I could build that size of a business, I'd just do it for my own damn self and not have to share ANY of it with them. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jb7lu8
    Content: EMPLOYED
After spending over a year and a half applying to every job I saw, I am finally employed. 

It is baffling how hard it is finding work.  

  - Post ID: t3_1jb982z
    Content: So going forward only trillionaires and those on UBI
People aren't finding jobs for years now, so what's the final outcome. Middle class gone and 99.9% people on UBI forever...I guess the 'elites' got their wishes for those wanting a bit of work life balance from WFH..Its strange that so much is needed to survive and yet none of it is easily to obtain, for some it is, for some its very easy.

  - Post ID: t3_1jbfqtf
    Content: Seriously?


  - Post ID: t3_1jbap5g
    Content: How do I get a degree in having rich parents?
I've heard before that being trained in having rich parents really helps potential career progression. Does anyone have suggestions on how I can go about getting a degree in it?

  - Post ID: t3_1jbbp3x
    Content: Former employer continues to call after termination. Should I send them a bill?
I gave a month’s notice at my previous job. I was in a very niche role that only I on the team knew how to do. (Wish I was kidding, but no). It took 2 weeks for the leaders to designate who I was to hand off everything to. I met with this person several times and included them on meetings so they would be prepared. I’m now a week into my new job and I’ve either been on the phone or have been texted several times every day asking me questions. 

I did not set up a consultant agreement when I left. I said I didn’t mind a text or 2, but this is a lot. Can I go after the fact and send them a contract for consulting services? I know I can’t bill for what I’ve already done prior to a contract in place, but I think it will either make it worth my while to keep answering the phone or force their hand to stop calling me. 

Has anyone done this or have advice? 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbfimt
    Content: Almost 30 with no actual career. Need help asap!!
I wasted ten years of my life working low paying jobs. I manage money well but I never spend any of it on myself. I grew up with parents that never taught me about the world or how to achieve anything really. Only thing I knew was work because that's all I saw. 
I had dreams when I was 18 to become a musician or anything to do with the creative arts. My father shut my confidence down every time. I play the guitar and I am great enough at it. I also write lyrics and I am insanely good at that as well(others have told me). 

I never had anyone around me chase "goals " or dreams. Everyone either had children really young and worked at jobs they hated or they didn't have any children and still worked at jobs they hated. 

I'm sorta introverted and I do not enjoy being around a lot of people. Well honestly I wouldn't mind being around a lot of people if they didn't do things to annoy me such as being a crappy individual or being a bully, control freak, etc. you get my point. 

I am enrolled at a community college. I decided to take a mixture of classes. Prerequisites for nursing(because people said it makes good money), and a music theory class to learn more about how to compose and understand music better. 

So far I feel sick to my stomach because there is so much to learn in music and I don't see a payoff. Maybe that's due to lack of belief in myself. 

On the other hand with nursing I know I'd be great nurse. I just don't want to be one. It is extremely toxic with high burnout. My mental health couldn't take it. 
Also I suck at math big time!! To the point where I have to relearn everything from 5th grade math up to college level. I am not proud to admit it. 

I want to start making YouTube videos to document my hiking journey and camping experiences/ talks and random videos but every single time I try I barely get any views. Yet I see someone else doing the same thing and boom they have a millions views. 

I just want to travel in my camper and make money passively somehow either from YouTube, music or something I can create to sell. I just need help and I can't afford to waste any time. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbc9k9
    Content: EXTREMELY LOW PAY??
Has anyone noticed there has been jobs who want you to have your degree, loaddssss of experience but offer to pay you friggin tiddlywinks?? I just got off an interview and when she revealed the wage, I couldn’t even hide the expression on my face 🙄🙄😳. This is insane man come on. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jb7nxs
    Content: For people who didn't find good jobs in 2008-2011, how did life work out for you?
Co'24 grad here and every day I hate myself. I am being pathetic, begging people for referrals, openings and connections. I hate that despite doing my very best academically, extra curricular wise and more, I have nothing. I found a job that severely underpays me and I hate everyone on my team. I had huge dreams for myself and I know I have the potential. But I am just withering away. I am a first gen corporate person so my parents don't have the connections or the network or the money. Please, tell me how to feel better. I am a Business graduate btw. For those of you who went through past recessions, does life get better or will the gaps in my cv get wider over time? Can I end up in the industry of my choice even though I don't start there? 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbhzwu
    Content: Walking out of a job mid shift
Has anyone ever walked out of their job mid shift and never came back? 🤣 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbgsls
    Content: Married woman in my 30s and lost career motivation

Career/kids/married life: I don’t know if other ppl feel this but my problem is career motivation. I went from the most ambitious person to the least. 

Since I was a little girl, I was a high achiever. I was curious, smart, played sports, was very self motivated at a young age. On my own I had energy and desire to do it all. I became valedictorian of my class, got accepted to my dream school, got a masters degree, got married, worked for a few years in non-profit sector and also corporate America. Worked so hard practically burnt myself out. On paper I had it all but I was simply not happy. 

Adulting just became less fun instantly. My 40 hours work week mentally drained me. It literally felt like I was on a depressing hamster wheel, often in toxic office culture environment with less than ideal bosses or coworkers. I then went to work for several gig jobs or part time job which felt better. I became a mom and the freelance/independent work seemed to work for a few years but clearly I was under/employed. I truly feel unmotivated when it comes to career. It doesn’t help that I sort of have lost myself and my focus is always on my kids which is my #1. But how can I have balance. How can I have a thriving career and a thriving family?  Is it normal to feel this way in your 30s. I went from the overachiever/ambitious person who wanted to do it all, to not having ambitions but to spend time with my kids and husband. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbdyal
    Content: Fairly successful at 37. Completely unable to continue doing my job
WARNING: sort of a long post, so I truly appreciate anyone who takes the time to read this ❤️

BACKGROUND/CONTEXT
I've worked in the tech/marketing world for about a decade now. I've done well and grinded my way from being a junior copywriter to an executive at a tech company at one point. Made 160k CAD the last two years, low six figures since about 2019.

I'm self-taught, a pretty okay people leader, likeable (I mean, I think!), good to work with (mostly), and emotionally intelligent (I have zero idea if these are helpful things to mention). 

Currently doing marketing consulting with on and off success. Did well last year but will probably only clear 4k this month. Lost a few clients and burnt some bridges along the way, usually from taking on too much.

Also a co-founder of a tech product that has yet to generate revenue (about 5 months in, which isn't atypical, but my own motivation is plummeting).

Diagnosed with ADHD last year. On meds (for whatever that's worth). 

Most engaged I've felt recently is training for athletics, writing movie reviews on Letterboxd, playing extremely elaborate and in-depth games with my daughter via a recurring cast of stuffy characters, and working with my hands (fixing the laundry machine after my father in law broke it, good times).

In therapy (I know that bit of advice/feedback is coming!) Obviously that's not a quick fix, but it feels good to be doing it. 

Have recently quit drinking 1-2 beers every night or so to clear my head and improve my physical and mental health as much as possible. Wouldn't say I'm a drunk, but certainly drink more than I should and want to permanently kick the habjt. 

I don't partake in any substances outside of alcohol (unless eating the occasional large pizza to myself while watching Michael Mann's crime opus Heat is considered a substance).

THE PROBLEM
My motivation to literally execute work has completely plummeted. I have no desire to grow or learn new things in the space. I can and have been incredibly effective in roles, but I'm completely drained and permanently burnt out, it feels. 

I have a three year old. Savings are okay but not where they should be. I live in a high cost of living city in Canada (Vancouver) and am renting. Wife is a lawyer and makes decent money (140k) but not enough for us to live off of while saving. 

I feel like the world's biggest ungrateful asshole and like I've had every opportunity and squandered it. I can't keep doing what I'm doing; chasing motivation spikes and hopping across companies and clients. It will and maybe has already caught up with me. Also not getting younger, and ageism is a real thing in tech/marketing.

Do I hunker down and make it work? Get a trade and just start grinding? If so, which? Find a cushy government job? Eliminate distractions? Work in a bike shop and just make 40k-50k a year (worked as a mechanic through my teens and early 20s)? Move somewhere cheap AF at the expensive of quality of education for my daughter?

I'm at a loss, and feel like time is running out -- life moves fast and I want to build a solid future for my daughter. 

I sincerely appreciate any advice or thoughts y'all have; I know that was a bit word dump above! 



  - Post ID: t3_1jb9do2
    Content: Should I use a different name?
Hello, I’m considering going to school for accounting sometime in the near future. I just have a concern about my name. It’s Tatiana. I’ve come across quite a few people on the internet saying it sounds like a SWer/stripper name. Now I’m concerned that no one will take me seriously or hire me in the future. Is it really equivalent to Peaches, Bambi or names like that? Should I go by a different name professionally? 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbgwwr
    Content: Should I take the job?
So recently I was interviewed (3 times going on 4, which would be in person) for a new job. This job is a company I interviewed with last march after I was laid off from the start up I worked at. But now the other company I interviewed with is back and offering me 45% more pay than my current role that I’ve been in for 8 months now. My current role is stressful due to frustrating providers and MAs, barely got a pay bump, but I know it’s stable. My concern with the other job offering more money is they had 3 layoffs last year and the ratings on Glassdoor aren’t great. They did tell me they restructured and they’re stable now but I’m just wondering what I should do when I go out to interview in person next week? Should I ask for more money? Stay at my current job (2 jobs in the last 3 years with one job change due to layoffs)? Or just take the 45% pay increase and go?

  - Post ID: t3_1jbbn0h
    Content: Denied Shift Changed - Found posted online a few days later
I currently work as a 3rd shift lab tech at SDMyers and have been there for a few months. Recently, they promoted 3 tech 1s to tech 2 all of which came from 2nd shift. Since they were gonna have 2nd shift openings, me and another guy on 3rd shift asked about moving to 2nd shift. Supervisor has us both interview with the 2nd shift supervisor since they're training the new tech 2s one at a time. Other guy gets it which makes perfect sense since he has been there longer and thus is more trained. The part that has me pissed off is that they now have 2nd shift posted on indeed for new hires when a current employee want to move there and was denied. 

Btw, wasn't fully sure what flair to use for this

  - Post ID: t3_1jb9bwn
    Content: Don't be this guy (interview story)
I (34f) walked into the small office and was met by two women who seemed very excited to have me there. Experienced people in my field tend to stay at their jobs so I had been receiving warm welcomes everywhere, but I hoped this smaller office would be a good fit for me. We sat in an office and chatted for a few minutes until the manager came in. I felt the mood change, like the nervous energy in the room went way up. One of the women left and one stayed for the interview but didn't talk anymore. To be fair, I barely got a chance to talk myself. He would ask me a question, then speak over me a few words into my response, just bragging about himself or over-explaining the things I'd been saying already. I quickly got the impression that he saw himself as the rooster in the henhouse, the biggest fish in this tiny pond, and that the other women had to put up with this BS constantly. I quickly noped out of the interview, but kept going along to be polite. And then it came. The question. The final boss of stupid, cliche interview questions. You know it. 

"Can you describe yourself in one word?" 

"No." 

I let that response breathe for a second, then explained that I didn't think that was possible, but I would be happy to answer any specific questions he might have. I figured he wouldn't like me challenging him on his interviewing skills and we did in fact wrap up pretty quickly after that. I don't remember the rest but I was entirely over it and not really trying to hide it anymore. 

I left and figured that was that, but he started blowing my phone up almost immediately. First it was a voicemail offering me the position, then a few more with increasing urgency, ordering me to call him back right away. I never picked up, especially after seeing the way he was treating me when I wasn't even his employee yet, so he just started calling repeatedly. The interview had originally been set up through a recruiter, so I called them and asked if they would let him know that I was not interested in the position. I also let the recruiter know exactly why, in case that information was useful to them. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbe7fa
    Content: I (finally) got a new job! Some advice for job seekers
Finally. I landed a new role. I am leaving my current job which I absolutely hated. My new job is in the marketing department at a great law firm in a big city. 

Quick stats: I am 26M. I only applied on LinkedIn or the company’s website.


Some advice to those who are feeling demoralized by the job search:

1. You must keep going. Any action is better than no action. 
2. Turn on the “Open to Work” section on LinkedIn. I set mine so that only recruiters can see it. This way, the “open to work” banner wasn’t on my LinkedIn profile picture. My current job wouldn’t have liked seeing that. Two recruiters reached out to me for jobs that turned into multiple rounds of interviews. Also: update your LinkedIn and make sure your job titles and dates match your resume. 
3. Tailor every single resume. Use ChatGPT. But look over it (of course) rather than just blindly submitting it to a job.
4. Cut yourself some slack. The white collar job market is AWFUL. People far more qualified than me (and probably a lot of you) are struggling to land jobs across many different industries. Be nice to yourself. Not being able to land a job is NOT a negative reflection of your intelligence, capacity, or skill set. It is primarily a reflection of the god awful job market as well as sh*tty employers who will either ghost you or not care that you applied in the first place. It is currently, and unfortunately, very much so an employers market.
5. A reference is better than 100 applications. I somehow landed my new job through LinkedIn without a reference, but I was always thinking about people I knew who may be able to refer me to a job. 
6. Stay organized. I kept an Excel sheet to track my applications. I tracked the company, job title, salary, if it was hybrid/remote/in person, where the job was located, contact person name (if applicable), date of application, and a drop down selection of rejected, no answer, interviewing, got the job, etc. 
7. Practice interviewing! Get good at it. Interviewing is hard and oftentimes awkward.  Prepare diligently for interviews. Research the company. Understand the job responsibilities to the best of your ability. Again: practice interviewing!
8. I only applied to jobs that were posted within the last 24 hours. You can filter this on LinkedIn. I also bought LinkedIn premium. I liked being able to see who was viewing my profile but I don’t think it’s a necessity. 
9. Trust the process, keep going, and be patient. Your time will come. You wont be job searching or unemployed forever. This job market is extremely tough — you must be tougher. Believe in yourself.

Hopefully this helps even one person out there. If anyone wants advice, support, or to just talk through anything job related, feel free to DM me. 

Good luck out there. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbcs13
    Content: Got let go today, despite exemplary performance
Not making a big hoopla about it. There are people losing jobs on the daily with worse stories, and anyway I'll be okay. Only reason I'm mentioning it here is that I will always be in disbelief that I have to give two weeks if I were to leave the company. They can just have a meeting in the morning and turn off my account access at that very moment.

Of course, like an idiot, when I was told it was effective today, I blurted out, "Two weeks' notice would have been nice." And then, as if my mouth doesn't have a brain filter, I then realized aloud, "Oh, that's right. _I_ have to give two weeks. You don't."

It's a double standard I barely understand. I try to play the game but it's just rude when something like this happens. With my prior employers, if I was terminated due to a policy violation, it was same day. And I get that. But up until today, if I was just terminated due to lack of work or a corporate reorganization, I had enough notice that I could find work before the term was up. And otherwise, I always gave at least two weeks' notice.

Well, no more. If the capitalists don't care about me, I won't care about them. When I leave, they too will get a five-minute notice.


  - Post ID: t3_1jbksdu
    Content: Finally got a job!
I’ve been searching for a job for 10 months and finally got one that pays a livable wage with benefits. Folks, if you’re doing everything right, just keep at it. There’s literally no other choice. If you stumble, have to take a break, go ahead. But continue to get back on the horse because it does end. 

I still can’t believe it’s over.

  - Post ID: t3_1jaz0jt
    Content: Got a job after 10 months unemployed
For those 10 months, I obtained multiple Netsuite Certifications with no experience. I even went to SuiteWorld in Las Vegas for networking. I applied to hundreds of  IT jobs and only had 1 interview for a job I didn't get. The odds weren't in my favor

I applied for public works positions in neighboring cities. I got an interview within 2 weeks of applying. I told them I know nothing about fixing water mains or water distribution but willing to work hard and ask questions.

They liked me... sent me an offer the following week.They said they'll train me and show me the ropes. They even said this is an entry level position during the interview!

All the damn companies I applied for wanted 3-5 years experience for ENTRY LEVEL. That's not entry! And they didn't care about my certifications!

The amount of times i heard "Our clients expect candidates to hit the ground running if chosen to move forward with the company. " Translation: They dont want to invest time into training you.

I'm just grateful... i can finally get off my uncle's couch! I've been here since July of 2024!

  - Post ID: t3_1jbberd
    Content: I was an internal candidate for a job at my company, and they low-balled me. The male counterpart makes $7k more than what they offered. What do I do?
Hello Reddit. So I (23F) have been working at my company for about 6 months as an admin assistant. I’m fresh out of college with a business degree. I saw an opportunity for a Direct Buyer job, and I was very interested. The hiring manager told me I should definitely apply, so I did. Long story short, the team loved me, and they weren’t considering any other candidates. A few days before I got my initial job offer, the hiring manager pulled me aside and privately told me that I got the job, but that I would need to counter and push back on salary. Lo and behold, they offered me $56,000. Unfortunately, I’m aware that the Indirect Buyer makes $63,000 and some change. But the real kicker is that he doesn’t even meet the minimum requirements for the job: he doesn’t have a bachelors degree. Does he have experience? A little. Him and I are the same age. I know he’s in hot water for even being given the job in the first place. After I got the initial offer, I countered the next day with $65,000. I thought that was a bit high, but the hiring manager told me that it was fine, and nothing could price me out of the job. I was hoping to land in $60,000, but I would even take $58,000. They stayed firm at $56,000. The hiring manager is pissed, and so am I. Note: The HR woman responsible for salary offers does not particularly like me for an unknown reason, and the male counterpart in question is buddy buddy with her. At the end of the day, I’m taking the job because I desperately need technical skills that will put me on a career path. But is there anything I should do before rolling over and accepting? Their “justification” for the lack of movement for the salary were vague mentions of my current pay, experience level, and market rate. From my research, the market rate for a buyer 1 is about $59,000 in SC. I’m a very well liked in the office, I’m a hard worker, and everyone knows it. Just looking for some advice. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jb97wm
    Content: Currently searching for jobs and found this… unusual listing
Office work, but also make sure you know how to change a diaper! 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbfh0d
    Content: Wages have dropped
Anyone noticing in interviews that wages have come down drastically? I have a degree and years of experience in multiple fields. I'm in a HCOL living area and most are 20-28 an hour or if salary 40-60k a year. This is really low. Just a few years ago average pay was higher. Am I the only one seeing this? 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbfimt
    Content: Almost 30 with no actual career. Need help asap!!
I wasted ten years of my life working low paying jobs. I manage money well but I never spend any of it on myself. I grew up with parents that never taught me about the world or how to achieve anything really. Only thing I knew was work because that's all I saw. 
I had dreams when I was 18 to become a musician or anything to do with the creative arts. My father shut my confidence down every time. I play the guitar and I am great enough at it. I also write lyrics and I am insanely good at that as well(others have told me). 

I never had anyone around me chase "goals " or dreams. Everyone either had children really young and worked at jobs they hated or they didn't have any children and still worked at jobs they hated. 

I'm sorta introverted and I do not enjoy being around a lot of people. Well honestly I wouldn't mind being around a lot of people if they didn't do things to annoy me such as being a crappy individual or being a bully, control freak, etc. you get my point. 

I am enrolled at a community college. I decided to take a mixture of classes. Prerequisites for nursing(because people said it makes good money), and a music theory class to learn more about how to compose and understand music better. 

So far I feel sick to my stomach because there is so much to learn in music and I don't see a payoff. Maybe that's due to lack of belief in myself. 

On the other hand with nursing I know I'd be great nurse. I just don't want to be one. It is extremely toxic with high burnout. My mental health couldn't take it. 
Also I suck at math big time!! To the point where I have to relearn everything from 5th grade math up to college level. I am not proud to admit it. 

I want to start making YouTube videos to document my hiking journey and camping experiences/ talks and random videos but every single time I try I barely get any views. Yet I see someone else doing the same thing and boom they have a millions views. 

I just want to travel in my camper and make money passively somehow either from YouTube, music or something I can create to sell. I just need help and I can't afford to waste any time. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbc9k9
    Content: EXTREMELY LOW PAY??
Has anyone noticed there has been jobs who want you to have your degree, loaddssss of experience but offer to pay you friggin tiddlywinks?? I just got off an interview and when she revealed the wage, I couldn’t even hide the expression on my face 🙄🙄😳. This is insane man come on. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jb7nxs
    Content: For people who didn't find good jobs in 2008-2011, how did life work out for you?
Co'24 grad here and every day I hate myself. I am being pathetic, begging people for referrals, openings and connections. I hate that despite doing my very best academically, extra curricular wise and more, I have nothing. I found a job that severely underpays me and I hate everyone on my team. I had huge dreams for myself and I know I have the potential. But I am just withering away. I am a first gen corporate person so my parents don't have the connections or the network or the money. Please, tell me how to feel better. I am a Business graduate btw. For those of you who went through past recessions, does life get better or will the gaps in my cv get wider over time? Can I end up in the industry of my choice even though I don't start there? 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbhzwu
    Content: Walking out of a job mid shift
Has anyone ever walked out of their job mid shift and never came back? 🤣 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbgsls
    Content: Married woman in my 30s and lost career motivation

Career/kids/married life: I don’t know if other ppl feel this but my problem is career motivation. I went from the most ambitious person to the least. 

Since I was a little girl, I was a high achiever. I was curious, smart, played sports, was very self motivated at a young age. On my own I had energy and desire to do it all. I became valedictorian of my class, got accepted to my dream school, got a masters degree, got married, worked for a few years in non-profit sector and also corporate America. Worked so hard practically burnt myself out. On paper I had it all but I was simply not happy. 

Adulting just became less fun instantly. My 40 hours work week mentally drained me. It literally felt like I was on a depressing hamster wheel, often in toxic office culture environment with less than ideal bosses or coworkers. I then went to work for several gig jobs or part time job which felt better. I became a mom and the freelance/independent work seemed to work for a few years but clearly I was under/employed. I truly feel unmotivated when it comes to career. It doesn’t help that I sort of have lost myself and my focus is always on my kids which is my #1. But how can I have balance. How can I have a thriving career and a thriving family?  Is it normal to feel this way in your 30s. I went from the overachiever/ambitious person who wanted to do it all, to not having ambitions but to spend time with my kids and husband. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbdyal
    Content: Fairly successful at 37. Completely unable to continue doing my job
WARNING: sort of a long post, so I truly appreciate anyone who takes the time to read this ❤️

BACKGROUND/CONTEXT
I've worked in the tech/marketing world for about a decade now. I've done well and grinded my way from being a junior copywriter to an executive at a tech company at one point. Made 160k CAD the last two years, low six figures since about 2019.

I'm self-taught, a pretty okay people leader, likeable (I mean, I think!), good to work with (mostly), and emotionally intelligent (I have zero idea if these are helpful things to mention). 

Currently doing marketing consulting with on and off success. Did well last year but will probably only clear 4k this month. Lost a few clients and burnt some bridges along the way, usually from taking on too much.

Also a co-founder of a tech product that has yet to generate revenue (about 5 months in, which isn't atypical, but my own motivation is plummeting).

Diagnosed with ADHD last year. On meds (for whatever that's worth). 

Most engaged I've felt recently is training for athletics, writing movie reviews on Letterboxd, playing extremely elaborate and in-depth games with my daughter via a recurring cast of stuffy characters, and working with my hands (fixing the laundry machine after my father in law broke it, good times).

In therapy (I know that bit of advice/feedback is coming!) Obviously that's not a quick fix, but it feels good to be doing it. 

Have recently quit drinking 1-2 beers every night or so to clear my head and improve my physical and mental health as much as possible. Wouldn't say I'm a drunk, but certainly drink more than I should and want to permanently kick the habjt. 

I don't partake in any substances outside of alcohol (unless eating the occasional large pizza to myself while watching Michael Mann's crime opus Heat is considered a substance).

THE PROBLEM
My motivation to literally execute work has completely plummeted. I have no desire to grow or learn new things in the space. I can and have been incredibly effective in roles, but I'm completely drained and permanently burnt out, it feels. 

I have a three year old. Savings are okay but not where they should be. I live in a high cost of living city in Canada (Vancouver) and am renting. Wife is a lawyer and makes decent money (140k) but not enough for us to live off of while saving. 

I feel like the world's biggest ungrateful asshole and like I've had every opportunity and squandered it. I can't keep doing what I'm doing; chasing motivation spikes and hopping across companies and clients. It will and maybe has already caught up with me. Also not getting younger, and ageism is a real thing in tech/marketing.

Do I hunker down and make it work? Get a trade and just start grinding? If so, which? Find a cushy government job? Eliminate distractions? Work in a bike shop and just make 40k-50k a year (worked as a mechanic through my teens and early 20s)? Move somewhere cheap AF at the expensive of quality of education for my daughter?

I'm at a loss, and feel like time is running out -- life moves fast and I want to build a solid future for my daughter. 

I sincerely appreciate any advice or thoughts y'all have; I know that was a bit word dump above! 



  - Post ID: t3_1jb9do2
    Content: Should I use a different name?
Hello, I’m considering going to school for accounting sometime in the near future. I just have a concern about my name. It’s Tatiana. I’ve come across quite a few people on the internet saying it sounds like a SWer/stripper name. Now I’m concerned that no one will take me seriously or hire me in the future. Is it really equivalent to Peaches, Bambi or names like that? Should I go by a different name professionally? 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbgwwr
    Content: Should I take the job?
So recently I was interviewed (3 times going on 4, which would be in person) for a new job. This job is a company I interviewed with last march after I was laid off from the start up I worked at. But now the other company I interviewed with is back and offering me 45% more pay than my current role that I’ve been in for 8 months now. My current role is stressful due to frustrating providers and MAs, barely got a pay bump, but I know it’s stable. My concern with the other job offering more money is they had 3 layoffs last year and the ratings on Glassdoor aren’t great. They did tell me they restructured and they’re stable now but I’m just wondering what I should do when I go out to interview in person next week? Should I ask for more money? Stay at my current job (2 jobs in the last 3 years with one job change due to layoffs)? Or just take the 45% pay increase and go?

  - Post ID: t3_1jbbn0h
    Content: Denied Shift Changed - Found posted online a few days later
I currently work as a 3rd shift lab tech at SDMyers and have been there for a few months. Recently, they promoted 3 tech 1s to tech 2 all of which came from 2nd shift. Since they were gonna have 2nd shift openings, me and another guy on 3rd shift asked about moving to 2nd shift. Supervisor has us both interview with the 2nd shift supervisor since they're training the new tech 2s one at a time. Other guy gets it which makes perfect sense since he has been there longer and thus is more trained. The part that has me pissed off is that they now have 2nd shift posted on indeed for new hires when a current employee want to move there and was denied. 

Btw, wasn't fully sure what flair to use for this

  - Post ID: t3_1jb9bwn
    Content: Don't be this guy (interview story)
I (34f) walked into the small office and was met by two women who seemed very excited to have me there. Experienced people in my field tend to stay at their jobs so I had been receiving warm welcomes everywhere, but I hoped this smaller office would be a good fit for me. We sat in an office and chatted for a few minutes until the manager came in. I felt the mood change, like the nervous energy in the room went way up. One of the women left and one stayed for the interview but didn't talk anymore. To be fair, I barely got a chance to talk myself. He would ask me a question, then speak over me a few words into my response, just bragging about himself or over-explaining the things I'd been saying already. I quickly got the impression that he saw himself as the rooster in the henhouse, the biggest fish in this tiny pond, and that the other women had to put up with this BS constantly. I quickly noped out of the interview, but kept going along to be polite. And then it came. The question. The final boss of stupid, cliche interview questions. You know it. 

"Can you describe yourself in one word?" 

"No." 

I let that response breathe for a second, then explained that I didn't think that was possible, but I would be happy to answer any specific questions he might have. I figured he wouldn't like me challenging him on his interviewing skills and we did in fact wrap up pretty quickly after that. I don't remember the rest but I was entirely over it and not really trying to hide it anymore. 

I left and figured that was that, but he started blowing my phone up almost immediately. First it was a voicemail offering me the position, then a few more with increasing urgency, ordering me to call him back right away. I never picked up, especially after seeing the way he was treating me when I wasn't even his employee yet, so he just started calling repeatedly. The interview had originally been set up through a recruiter, so I called them and asked if they would let him know that I was not interested in the position. I also let the recruiter know exactly why, in case that information was useful to them. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbe7fa
    Content: I (finally) got a new job! Some advice for job seekers
Finally. I landed a new role. I am leaving my current job which I absolutely hated. My new job is in the marketing department at a great law firm in a big city. 

Quick stats: I am 26M. I only applied on LinkedIn or the company’s website.


Some advice to those who are feeling demoralized by the job search:

1. You must keep going. Any action is better than no action. 
2. Turn on the “Open to Work” section on LinkedIn. I set mine so that only recruiters can see it. This way, the “open to work” banner wasn’t on my LinkedIn profile picture. My current job wouldn’t have liked seeing that. Two recruiters reached out to me for jobs that turned into multiple rounds of interviews. Also: update your LinkedIn and make sure your job titles and dates match your resume. 
3. Tailor every single resume. Use ChatGPT. But look over it (of course) rather than just blindly submitting it to a job.
4. Cut yourself some slack. The white collar job market is AWFUL. People far more qualified than me (and probably a lot of you) are struggling to land jobs across many different industries. Be nice to yourself. Not being able to land a job is NOT a negative reflection of your intelligence, capacity, or skill set. It is primarily a reflection of the god awful job market as well as sh*tty employers who will either ghost you or not care that you applied in the first place. It is currently, and unfortunately, very much so an employers market.
5. A reference is better than 100 applications. I somehow landed my new job through LinkedIn without a reference, but I was always thinking about people I knew who may be able to refer me to a job. 
6. Stay organized. I kept an Excel sheet to track my applications. I tracked the company, job title, salary, if it was hybrid/remote/in person, where the job was located, contact person name (if applicable), date of application, and a drop down selection of rejected, no answer, interviewing, got the job, etc. 
7. Practice interviewing! Get good at it. Interviewing is hard and oftentimes awkward.  Prepare diligently for interviews. Research the company. Understand the job responsibilities to the best of your ability. Again: practice interviewing!
8. I only applied to jobs that were posted within the last 24 hours. You can filter this on LinkedIn. I also bought LinkedIn premium. I liked being able to see who was viewing my profile but I don’t think it’s a necessity. 
9. Trust the process, keep going, and be patient. Your time will come. You wont be job searching or unemployed forever. This job market is extremely tough — you must be tougher. Believe in yourself.

Hopefully this helps even one person out there. If anyone wants advice, support, or to just talk through anything job related, feel free to DM me. 

Good luck out there. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jbcs13
    Content: Got let go today, despite exemplary performance
Not making a big hoopla about it. There are people losing jobs on the daily with worse stories, and anyway I'll be okay. Only reason I'm mentioning it here is that I will always be in disbelief that I have to give two weeks if I were to leave the company. They can just have a meeting in the morning and turn off my account access at that very moment.

Of course, like an idiot, when I was told it was effective today, I blurted out, "Two weeks' notice would have been nice." And then, as if my mouth doesn't have a brain filter, I then realized aloud, "Oh, that's right. _I_ have to give two weeks. You don't."

It's a double standard I barely understand. I try to play the game but it's just rude when something like this happens. With my prior employers, if I was terminated due to a policy violation, it was same day. And I get that. But up until today, if I was just terminated due to lack of work or a corporate reorganization, I had enough notice that I could find work before the term was up. And otherwise, I always gave at least two weeks' notice.

Well, no more. If the capitalists don't care about me, I won't care about them. When I leave, they too will get a five-minute notice.


  - Post ID: t3_1jbksdu
    Content: Finally got a job!
I’ve been searching for a job for 10 months and finally got one that pays a livable wage with benefits. Folks, if you’re doing everything right, just keep at it. There’s literally no other choice. If you stumble, have to take a break, go ahead. But continue to get back on the horse because it does end. 

I still can’t believe it’s over.

  - Post ID: t3_1jaz0jt
    Content: Got a job after 10 months unemployed
For those 10 months, I obtained multiple Netsuite Certifications with no experience. I even went to SuiteWorld in Las Vegas for networking. I applied to hundreds of  IT jobs and only had 1 interview for a job I didn't get. The odds weren't in my favor

I applied for public works positions in neighboring cities. I got an interview within 2 weeks of applying. I told them I know nothing about fixing water mains or water distribution but willing to work hard and ask questions.

They liked me... sent me an offer the following week.They said they'll train me and show me the ropes. They even said this is an entry level position during the interview!

All the damn companies I applied for wanted 3-5 years experience for ENTRY LEVEL. That's not entry! And they didn't care about my certifications!

The amount of times i heard "Our clients expect candidates to hit the ground running if chosen to move forward with the company. " Translation: They dont want to invest time into training you.

I'm just grateful... i can finally get off my uncle's couch! I've been here since July of 2024!

  - Post ID: t3_1jbberd
    Content: I was an internal candidate for a job at my company, and they low-balled me. The male counterpart makes $7k more than what they offered. What do I do?
Hello Reddit. So I (23F) have been working at my company for about 6 months as an admin assistant. I’m fresh out of college with a business degree. I saw an opportunity for a Direct Buyer job, and I was very interested. The hiring manager told me I should definitely apply, so I did. Long story short, the team loved me, and they weren’t considering any other candidates. A few days before I got my initial job offer, the hiring manager pulled me aside and privately told me that I got the job, but that I would need to counter and push back on salary. Lo and behold, they offered me $56,000. Unfortunately, I’m aware that the Indirect Buyer makes $63,000 and some change. But the real kicker is that he doesn’t even meet the minimum requirements for the job: he doesn’t have a bachelors degree. Does he have experience? A little. Him and I are the same age. I know he’s in hot water for even being given the job in the first place. After I got the initial offer, I countered the next day with $65,000. I thought that was a bit high, but the hiring manager told me that it was fine, and nothing could price me out of the job. I was hoping to land in $60,000, but I would even take $58,000. They stayed firm at $56,000. The hiring manager is pissed, and so am I. Note: The HR woman responsible for salary offers does not particularly like me for an unknown reason, and the male counterpart in question is buddy buddy with her. At the end of the day, I’m taking the job because I desperately need technical skills that will put me on a career path. But is there anything I should do before rolling over and accepting? Their “justification” for the lack of movement for the salary were vague mentions of my current pay, experience level, and market rate. From my research, the market rate for a buyer 1 is about $59,000 in SC. I’m a very well liked in the office, I’m a hard worker, and everyone knows it. Just looking for some advice. 

  - Post ID: t3_1jb97wm
    Content: Currently searching for jobs and found this… unusual listing
Office work, but also make sure you know how to change a diaper! 
